how is my name is not and the
advice for you if you want to download from
Quick weight is the following easy easy
easy easy easy easy to should
leave alcohol alcohol drinks
we do not count alcoholic we are not going to
consume none of that will explain the
why I am the one who for example many
the girls are going to a restaurant
let's have a restaurant you can
Mexican international whatever a
daisy, well, did you know that
margarita is full of pure sugar and
probably because of sugar that is
there are fruits considered to be a sugar already
too much refined mind that comes from the
corn and is probably transgenic to
at the same time these kinds of drinks that
women love
well not all but in the majority I say
I
they are high in calories for example to me
he gives me at least he was going to provide
a cup and a half of margarita
so that rate can have as almost
800 to 1000 calories a daisy is
exaggeratedly the calories that can
have now there comes the man who does not
my brother but what if I
I drink a beer and that's good
easily with a beer and they are the ones
they are low in calories, you too
that the companies and their video about this
they are too full in something that
flame fire or these jeans that is the the
estrogen in plants that for the
man begins to balance hormones
Now I know that he's going to see a man
here I know not all my friend your mom 's
sometimes yes but keep drinking beer and
you will see how it will be put as the person
that it has been 10 or 15 years
the bc and look how it has the belly and
look how the body is deforming
that's why
So here what we have done when
you consume alcohol or you are
consuming something that the body does not want
first of all it is alcohol
a person for this week and what
such the wine that supposedly help from
salt and it's good you knew that the
Most of the wines are full of
good extra your faults that you mark him
they throw up for evil to preserve the wine and
that is toxic to the liver so that
everything that is alcohol if it will be will be that
it will be that everything that is alcohol does not have
nothing of benefit because maybe yes but
look what is this today I always say that
there is not what there was if you
they want to lose weight fast so that
consume something that happens to him the damage one the
alcohol dehydrates the body to
Dehydrate the body and you as it
moisturizes what is the movement of the cone
or the oil and you start paralysis and already
you will be able to evacuate us
same friends you start to liz
hydrate the body and the organs do not go
to work the same you put a lot
stress to the liver is a lot of energy that
you are going to be required to remove that
alcohol of your body or are you going to
have to jerry more water and that takes
energy when we are losing weight
what we want to do is save energy
to remove the excess energy is what
we want not if we want to lose weight
fast do here is always your
presence then take everything you
want but if you want part person of
general with it brings absolutely nothing
well that's it, wine and who knows what or
I have already researched it very well
and although they say that there are cultures that
supposedly they took they drink wine and from
how many years but whatever friends
is this if you want to go down
despite the reflex case we see ourselves
subscribe to that channel if they have not done so
they still share this video that a
person who does if he only takes
liquor and he wonders why he did not come down from
therefore probably the liquor to which
I 'm hurting him and he's
dehydrating the body and I recommend them
a lot of stress on the liver and when you will
you put a lot this rich you are going to produce the
other cholesterol then it's a mess
I love you very much and see you
chau dale I like